I have a very special friend you know that I
they had a very special friend to
All these ornaments are for me not
would have bothered
but I mean another friend and what
says the old and familiar saying tell me with
who are you and even the coyunda
not the one that for its pleasure is ox will tell you
who you are
not if you get together with pure ox you do not walk
very comfortable and you go there with others
same as the type
the nights
people keep saying that you and I
we are crazy
where is the one celebrated here though
I'm late but I'm crap
struck out a spark plug
we are really here together to
celebrate someone very special
someone we all know very well from
close and his family has already taken us
all a smile and that even in those
eyes has not been agreed x someone with a
heart of grief ventured roberto the
friends
and more than congratulate us on sciences
the chavito
sorry
chespirito